#summary This is the getting started guide.

= Introduction =

RL-Library is basically a large collection of agents, environments, experiments, and packages that have been shared by members of the reinforcement learning community.

The main thread that links all of these projects together is that they are compatible with [http://glue.rl-community.org RL-Glue].

There are several ways that you could potentially use the RL-Library. We have provided (and will explain below) our vision (the _cohesive view_) of how the different projects in RL-Library can be used together.

However, you can do whatever you like.  You could, for example, just download a particular project so that you can see/improve/change its source code.

= The Cohesive View of RL-Library =
Right now, this only applies to Java projects, because that is mostly what we have in the RL-Library at the moment.

Most Java projects in RL-Library rely on some common scripts, [http://ant.apache.org/ ant buildfiles], and libraries.  Instead of keeping separate copies of all these things in source control (which could be crazy):
<code language="bsh">
#Useful ant scripts go here
rl-library/system/common/ant

#Supporting Libraries (like [http://glue.rl-community.org RL-Glue] and [http://rl-viz.googlecode.com RL-Viz] are kept here)
rl-library/system/common/libs

#The JAR files for built java agents/environments go here
rl-library/products
</code>

When you download a Java project from the RL-Library, and you unpack it, it will give you these directories, plus a new directory specific for this project.

== Example - Downloading Mountain Car==
Let's say you are new to RL-Library, and you want to download [MountainCarJava Mountain Car], because everyone loves Mountain Car.

You would go to the MountainCarJava download page, and follow the instructions.  At time of writing, you would do the following:
{{{
#Create a directory for your rl-library.
mkdir rl-library

#First, download the file.  Depending on your platform, you might have to do this manually with a web browser. 

#If you are on Linux, you can use wget which will download MountainCar-Java-R1088.tar.gz for you
wget http://rl-library.googlecode.com/files/MountainCar-Java-R1088.tar.gz

#Copy the download to your local rl-library folder
cp MountainCar-Java-R1088.tar.gz rl-library/
cd rl-library

#Unpack the project
tar -zxf MountainCar-Java-R1088.tar.gz

#Clean up
rm MountainCar-Java-R1088.tar.gz
}}}

Ok, at this point, if you look at what you have, you'll have something like:

= Details =

Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages