= Installation =
In theory, RL-Library is an effort that has been created by a variety of authors on a variety of platforms.  We're trying as much as possible to enforce standards and set things up in as flexible a way as possible, but it won't always work.  

We use two build systems (so far) on this project, [http://ant.apache.org/ Apache Ant] and [http://www.gnu.org/software/make/ Make].  The core C/C++ stuff uses Make and the Java stuff all uses Ant.  We consider Ant our primary build system because we have it setup so that Ant can call Make, but not vice versa.

Anyway, to rebuild the Java stuff you need Ant, but you shouldn't need to rebuild the Java stuff if you don't want to.



==RL-Glue==
Can be built from Ant or Make:

{{{
$> make rl-glue
}}}
or
{{{
$> ant rl-glue
}}}

== Java Environments and Agents ==

All of the Java agents and environments should already be compiled into jar files that live in `rl-library/system/dist`.  Java class files and .jar package files really are cross-platform compatible, so when you download rl-library you get them out of the box for free.

To rebuild all of the Java projects, test them, generate their [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Javadoc JavaDocs], and build rl-glue:

{{{
$> ant all
}}}

== C++ Agent and Environment Loaders for RL-Viz ==
Not quite implemented yet.  Soon.  For now, you can't use C++ agents or environments in RL-Viz experiments, only with RL-Glue experiments.  Real the RL-Viz vs. RL-Glue section below if you don't know what we're talking about.

== Specific Projects ==
For projects that are not automatically built by the main build system, please refer to the project specific documentation here on the Wiki, or in the INSTALL instructions in that directory, or wherever those docs are.  Hopefully it won't be much harder than typing `make`.