#summary This page contains details about proving runs

= Mountain Car =
==Platform: MacBook ==
===Mac OS X Leopard ===
I ran Mountain Car on my Mac Book.  The entire episode took less than an hour (about 40 minutes).  This is to run 100 000 steps x 50 MDPs.

I don't have the summary result saved.  Total number of episodes was 32887 (from the leaderboard).

Log files size are between 90Kb and 1.7 Mb, which is fine.  This is logging 1/25 episodes.  Again, should run with other technical committee account to get an idea of variance.

===Linux Ubuntu (in Parallels Virtual Machine)===
27 mins 30 secs

Episodes 32247
This result is not the same as the leaderboard report.  Filing as bug.

Return -4867553

= Helicopter =
I ran Helicopter on my Mac Book.  The entire experiment took 15 hours and 25 minutes.  This is to run for 6 million steps (1000 episodes x 6000 steps per episode). This was done for 15 different MDPs.

The summary dialog was:
EVENT: Helicopter

==========Proving Run Summary==========
Total Number of Episodes: 14000.0
Total Return: -4.2430980595300627E8
Total Time in Milliseconds: 4362736

Not that the time in MS is wrong, that's about 1.2 hours.

Initial zipped log files were 20 MB.  I cut to log only 1/200 episodes and it went down to 5.1 MB.  This is still too big.

Helicopter on Ubuntu
Total actual time: 11 hours 55 minutes
Return reported on Leaderboard: -501096000.0
Odd that this is such a round number.

Reported from Proving App
Episodes 14000
Return: -4.2428754844754344E8


= Tetris =
Results from the App are.

EVENT: Tetris

==========Proving Run Summary==========
Total Number of Episodes: 603027.0
Total Return: 1062.0
Total Time in Milliseconds: 1814238

Actual time was 4 hours and 51 minutes.
Return reported on proving page is 1338.0

Log file size roughly 700 Kb. 
That is logging 1/100 Episodes on 5 000 000 steps x 10 MDPs.

= RTS = 
This is for the C++ Agent running on my iMac

Summary didn't print in proving app (it said Event:RTS then nothing else)

Total Time: 8 hours, 6 minutes

Total Score on Leaderboard: 478246

Log size is 845 Kb, that is logging 1/100 episodes and running 37 500 000 steps and 1 MDP.  This was 49444 episodes (~750 steps per Episode).  That is a lot of episodes.  

We can probably cut the number of steps substantially.